Fix#129 (#201)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/installation_guide/intro_configuration.rst

If you installed Ansible from pip or from source, you may want to create this file in order to override
default settings in Ansible.

> To generate an example config file (a "disabled" one with all default settings, commented out):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can generate an Ansible configuration file, ``ansible.cfg``, that lists all default settings as follows:
```

.. code-block:: console
    
    $ ansible-config init --disabled > ansible.cfg

> To generate a more complete example file, include existing plugins:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include available plugins to create a more complete Ansible configuration as follows:
```
